I definitely believe the Bible is
literally true just like one-third of my
fellow Americans some tutors like to
give the kids the same stories over and
over again but I like to dig a little
deeper and find fresh stories for the
children so do you guys like stories
about bears yeah yeah one day the
prophet Elijah was walking together and
you saw some children like you got but
the kids started yelling go away bald
head Elijah was already in a bad mood
because his friend had just gone to
heaven in a tornado so he has got this
we got two bears to kill 42 children and
he did
so now which one of you is daddy's
little angel huh that's what Lots
daughters thought too until real angels
came to town one day lock was finishing
dinner with his daughters and some
angels when all the men of Sodom came to
his door what what outside was like hey
what's up guys you want some soup hero
no we don't why you're dumb wat so balls
we want to have sex with angels colosso
I just can't have sex with angel stupid
but look I got two birds and daughters
so why'd you just have sex with them
instead yeah but the man wall like no
angel sex is awesome anyways that
destroyed the whole city and then
thought starter scoggin crown gonna came
and took turns having sex offender is
everything okay Oh super just taking
final questions go ahead what's the
moral of the story oh it's simple if you
make fun of bald people or if you
fornicate with angels God will kill you
with a bear or sulfur rape oh no sex
with dad unless he's drunken in a cave
oh and i forgot to mention um i won't be
able to come next week i'll be having my
menstrual impurity alone in the forest
for seven days
I think that went really well